[OSDOCS-7500] multi-architecture IBM Power and IBM Z control planes (#71418)
openshift/openshift-docs: post_installation_configuration/configuring-multi-arch-compute-machines/creating-multi-arch-compute-nodes-bare-metal.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
:context: creating-multi-arch-compute-nodes-bare-metal
[id="creating-multi-arch-compute-nodes-bare-metal"]
= Creating a cluster with multi-architecture compute machines on bare metal, {ibm-power-title}, or {ibm-z-title}
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]

toc::[]

> To create a cluster with multi-architecture compute machines on bare metal (`x86_64`), {ibm-power-name} (`ppc64le`), or {ibm-z-name} (`s390x`) you must have an existing single-architecture cluster on one of these platforms. Follow the installations procedures for your platform:

Reviewer: Left comment directly with Alisha

Reviewer: Concerned about implications of supported architecture pairs

Author: @prb112 We have an extra PR from @kelbrown20 with a table to visualize what's possible. See here: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/71394
We probably need to further refine the table. Feel free to comment there.

Reviewer: Oh - that's fantastic!

> To create a cluster with multi-architecture compute machines on bare metal (`x86_64`), {ibm-power-name} (`ppc64le`), or {ibm-z-name} (`s390x`) you must have an existing single-architecture cluster on one of these platforms. Follow the installations procedures for your platform:

Author: @prb112 Does adding "either" make it more clear? 
```suggestion
To create a cluster with multi-architecture compute machines on either bare metal (`x86_64`), {ibm-power-name} (`ppc64le`), or {ibm-z-name} (`s390x`) you must have an existing single-architecture cluster on one of these platforms. Follow the installations procedures for your platform:
```

Reviewer: Yes. That's much clearer.

> * xref:../../installing/installing_bare_metal/installing-bare-metal.adoc#installing-bare-metal[Installing a user provisioned cluster on bare metal]. You can then add 64-bit ARM compute machines to your {product-title} cluster on bare metal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:../../installing/installing_bare_metal/installing-bare-metal.adoc#installing-bare-metal[Installing a user provisioned cluster on bare metal]. You can then add 64-bit ppc64le or s390x compute machines to your {product-title} cluster on bare metal.
```

Is that what's intended?

arm isn't supported with power,s390x

Author: yes arm compute node is only supported with bare metal
